Few things needing fixing/updating across the app:

- Key Metrics
    - [x] Employer contributions are being counted towards "Your savings rate" on Key Metrics screen
    - [x] Final "remaining for spending" amount is not aligning between Key Metrics and final Pay Breakdown "All that remains for spending" amount (Yearly view mode)
    - [x] Need to rebrand "Bills" metric card as "Recurring Expenses", and then also include benefits Deductions and Loan payments into it, since right now it's only showing total "bill" items
    - [x] Icons for metric cards not aligned with text
- Account editor
    - [x] When deleting an account with items associated with it, the app isn't picking up Savings contributions or Loans to be migrated to another account. 
    - [x] Deleting an account should be more dynamic in picking up the associated items with the account, checking all items linked with that "account id" instead of using if/else statements to determine the items to delete
- Bills view
    - [x] Some rounding issues when setting up a Deduction. Tried adding one for "9.30" but it kept showing as "9.31" once saved. When going to edit screen, it is showing "9.3".
    - [x] In Bill items, amount saved as "9.30" is working fine and shows as "9.30", but when going back to edit it appears as "9.3" (missing final 0 in formatting).
    - [x] Need to limit amount entry decimal spaces to maybe 3, as that's the max that shows in the UI anyway when item is saved.
- Savings view
    - [x] Get rid of the employer match logic from Retirement plans, since it doesn't add much and I think makes it confusing. Employer match doesn't count against your pay, so it shouldn't really be dealt with here.
- All views
    - [x] Add the tab Icon into the Tab View next to the view title header
    - [x] If a user has a plan from before the log was available, then editing existing items shows weird data in the first entry since the app thinks the item is 'new' perhaps
- App optimizations
    - Want to try and optimize the code so that the builds aren't so large (currently over 200MB)
    - Chunking warnings in the build
    ```
    (!) Some chunks are larger than 500 kB after minification. Consider:
    - Using dynamic import() to code-split the application
    - Use build.rollupOptions.output.manualChunks to improve chunking: https://rollupjs.org/configuration-options/#output-manualchunks
    - Adjust chunk size limit for this warning via build.chunkSizeWarningLimit.
    ```